Combobox free text docs to site (#3866)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: site/docs/components/combo-box/examples.mdx

We recommend this styling when the field uses the same fill color as the background (i.e., a primary fill color on a primary background).

</LivePreview>
<LivePreview componentName="combo-box" exampleName="FreeText">

## Free Text

> "Free text" is a feature in an input field that allows users to enter text freely, even if it doesn’t match predefined options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If users need to select an option not in a predefined list, use a controlled `ComboBox` and add an `Option` to the bottom of the list matching the typed-in text.
```
